Beta.3 (#8)
ZenHubHQ/zenhub-enterprise: k8s-cluster/README.md

  - [2.3 MongoDB](#23-mongodb)
  - [2.4 RabbitMQ](#24-rabbitmq)
  - [2.5 Redis](#25-redis)

>   - [2.6 File and Image Storage](#26-File-and-Image-Storage)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  - [2.6 File and Image Storage](#26-file-and-image-storage)
```

>   - [2.6 Files and Images Storage](#26-Files-and-Images-Storage)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [2.6 File and Image Storage](#26-File-and-Image-Storage)
```

- [3. Configuration](#3-configuration)
  - [3.1 Docker Registry](#31-docker-registry)
  - [3.2 Resource Scaling](#32-resource-scaling)
  - [3.3 Ingress](#33-ingress)
- [4. Deployment](#4-deployment)
  - [4.1 Sanity Check](#41-sanity-check)
  - [4.2 Application Check](#42-application-check)

>   - [4.3 TLS/SSL](#43-TLS/SSL)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [4.3 TLS/SSL](#43-tls-ssl)
```

>   - [4.4 Buckets](#44-Buckets)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  - [4.4 Buckets](#44-buckets)
```

There are two additional Redis instanceses that will run inside the cluster via our configuration. You do not need to worry about those.

> ### 2.6 Files and Images Storage

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
### 2.6 File and Image Storage
```

> Zenhub will required two object storage buckets to store files and images attached to issues using Zenhub's webbapp.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ZenHub requires two object storage buckets. One to store files (PDFs, Word documents, etc...) and another to store images and videos which are attached to issues using ZenHub's webapp.
```

Resources required:

- 2 buckets
  * `files` bucket
  * `images` bucket

> - IAM user access_key_id

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- IAM user `access_key_id`
```

> - IAM user access_key_secret

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- IAM user `access_key_secret`
```

> - Bucket policy or permissions allowing bucket `list` and objects `get` from K8s nodes

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Bucket policy or permissions allowing bucket `list` and objects `get` from Kubernetes nodes
```

> > ⚠️ **NOTE:** At the moment only AWS S3 API is supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ **NOTE:** At the moment, only AWS S3 API is supported for buckets. S3-compatible APIs (such as IBM Cloud's Object Storage) should also work.
```

> To access and write these objects Zenhub also require CLI/API crdentials ( access_key_id/access_key_secret or simmiliar ) for a IAM user with at least read and write access.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To access and write these objects ZenHub also requires CLI/API credentials (`access_key_id`/`access_key_secret` or similar) for a IAM user with at least read and write access.
```

> > ⚠️ **NOTE:** At the moment only IAM credentials are supported. There is some work in progress to support roles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ **NOTE:** At the moment, only authentication via IAM credentials is supported. Support for role-based authentication is planned for a future release.
```

> IAM credetials are used by ZHE to write ( `put` ) objects and to create temporary pre-signed links.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
IAM credentials are used by ZenHub to write (`put`) objects and to create temporary pre-signed links.
```

> To read ( `get` ) images and allow users to see uploaded images embebed in the issues, the cluster nodes or network need to have propper access.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To read (`get`) images and allow users to see uploaded images embedded in the issue page, the cluster nodes or network need to have proper access.
```

### 3.3 Ingress

By default, we don't make any assumptions about the type of Ingress that is used with the cluster. It will be your responsibility to expose ZenHub through your preferred Ingress. The only requirement from the application side is that your Ingress targets the `nginx-gateway` service on port 443.

> The provided manifests exposes ZenHub behind a single ClusterIP service, listening on port 443. You will need to setup and configure HTTPS through your Ingress (Public facing SSL configuration is not within the scope of "ZenHub for Kubernetes").

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The provided manifests exposes ZenHub behind a single ClusterIP service, listening on port 443. You will need to setup and configure HTTPS through your Ingress (public facing SSL configuration is not within the scope of "ZenHub for Kubernetes").
```

### 4.3 TLS/SSL

#### 4.3.1 Application entrypoint

> The `nginx-gateway` entrypoint uses HTTPS by default and utilizes a self signed ssl certificate.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `nginx-gateway` entrypoint uses HTTPS by default and utilizes a self-signed SSL certificate.
```

> The certificate is automatic created.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The certificate is automatically created when the pod starts.
```

- the files can be store any were and referenced inthe code with the full path.

> > ⚠️ **NOTE:** TLS connection for MongoDB is still in progress

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> ⚠️ **NOTE:** TLS connection for MongoDB is not supported at this time, but is being actively worked on
```

### 4.4 Buckets

> To configure ZHE to store uploaded images and files as object in buckets all this varibales need to provided in kustomization.yaml

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To configure ZenHub to store uploaded images and files as objects in buckets, the following variables need to provided in `kustomization.yaml`
```

```yaml
configMap:
  - bucket_access_key_id=<access_key_id>
  - bucket_region=<bucket_region>
  - bucket_domain=<bucket_public_domain>
  - files_bucket_name=<bucket_name>
  - images_bucket_name=<bucket_name>
secret:
  - bucket_secret_access_key=<some-key>
```

> > ⚠️ **NOTE:** At the moment only AWS S3 API is supported.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Remove. This is already documented above under "2.6 Files and Images Storage"

> > ⚠️ **NOTE:** At the moment only IAM credentials are supported. There is some work in progress to support roles.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

Remove. This is already documented above under "2.6 Files and Images Storage"

> IAM credetials are used by ZHE to write ( `put` ) objects and to create temporary pre-signed links.

Reviewer 2: There's a lot of duplication between this section ("4.4 Buckets") and "2.6 Files and Images Storage" above. We should combine them together. I think we can just move all the things in 4.4 to 2.6.

Author: keeping both for now.. 
2.6 is explanation about the requirements and usage
4.4 instruction to setup and use

To read ( `get` ) images and allow users to see uploaded images embebed in the issues, the cluster nodes or network need to have propper access. This access can be provided indifferent ways:

- Bucket policy/permissions allowing bucket `list` and objects `get` to K8s cluster VPC
- Bucket policy/permissions allowing bucket `list` and objects `get` to K8s cluster VPC S3 Endpoint
- Bucket policy/permissions allowing bucket `list` and objects `get` to K8s nodes role

#### 4.4.1 Enviroment without buckets

> ⚠️ **NOTE:** This option will only be avalible during the `BETA` phase

> ⚠️ **NOTE:** Using this option the enviroment is fucntional but files can **not** be uploaded. A error message will be shown.

> To create a test enviroment whitout buckets

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create a test environment without buckets
```

##### 3. Finalize
* store the updated `kustomization.yaml`

## 6. Roadmap

ZenHub Enterprise On-Premise 3.0.0 is actively in development and is currently available as a beta release. Prior to launching our Release Candidate, we are planning to add the following features:

- TLS support for MongoDB/DocumentDB
- Support for downloading and serving ZenHub browser extensions
- An administration interface UI for some internal application configuration

> - Scripts for facilitate migration between 2.x.x and 3.x.x versions of ZenHub Enterprise On-Premise

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Scripts to facilitate migration between 2.x.x and 3.x.x versions of ZenHub Enterprise On-Premise
```

##### 3. Finalize
* store the updated `kustomization.yaml`

## 6. Roadmap

> Future features in progress:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
ZenHub Enterprise On-Premise 3.0.0 is actively in development and is currently available as a beta release. Prior to launching our Release Candidate, we are planning to add the following features:
```

> - MongoDB/DocuemntDB TLS

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- TLS support for MongoDB/DocumentDB
```

> - Browsers extensions downlaod

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Support for downloading and serving ZenHub browser extensions
```

> - Admin interface UI

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- An administration interface UI for some internal application configuration
```

> - previous ZHE versions migration scripts

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Scripts for facilitate migration between 2.x.x and 3.x.x versions of ZenHub Enterprise On-Premise
```

> - support for Github Enterprise 3

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Support for GitHub Enterprise Server 3.0.0
```

> - support IAM roles to authorize ZHE to write bucket objects

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Support for IAM role authorization when writing objects to S3 buckets
```
